The following are the warnings and error messags that can be generated:

* warning copyright-lines-have-separators
A line such as "=====" was found between the copyright lines in the
license and copyright block of the file.

* warning found-todo-in-file
A line with "TODO" was found in a source file.

* warning license-end-not-found-in-file
License blocks should have a LICENSE_START and LICENSE_END lines
around their license and copyright blocks.

* warning license-start-not-found-in-file
License blocks should have a LICENSE_START and LICENSE_END lines
around their license and copyright blocks.

* warning using-parent-version-in-pom
A pom.xml file will usually have a <version> value.
If one is not found, the <version> found in the <parent> block
will be used in its place.

* warning version-properties-missing
A version.properties file was not found when one was deemed to be required.

* error changelog-ambiguous-dates
The dates in a Changelog.md file MUST be encoded using either YYYY-MM-DD
or YYYY/MM/DD format, that is, the year followed by the month followed by the day.

* error changelog-missing
A Changelog.md file should be present whenever a functional change is made.
A Changelog.md file would not be required if the only changed files are
release files or rst documentation files.

* error changelog-no-issue-id
The Changelog.md file does not have the Issue-ID listed that is found in the
git log.

* error changelog-or-release-file-missing
Either a Changelog.md or a release file should be present for any change
to the repository.

* error changelog-versions-misordered
The entries of a Changelog.md file must be in reverse-chronological order.
(The most recent change is at the top of the file, not the bottom.)

* error current-copyright-not-in-all-files
A file that should have a copyright date is missing one.
When looking at changed files, this would include the current year as
part of the date.

* error dockerfile-user-root
A Docker file was found with a 'USER root' line and not followed by another
line changing to a different user.

* error found-black-errors
The  optional `black` formatter for python code reported that a formatting change would
have been required.

* error found-dockerlinter-errors
The optional `dockerlinter` program reported errors.

* error found-import-star
Python and Java code (and their derivatives) are not allowed to use the
"`import *`" construct.

* error found-pydocstyle-errors
The optional `pydocstyle` tool reported errors.

* error found-pylint-errors
The optional `pylint` tool reported errors.

* error gitlog-commit-no-issue-id
An issue ID was not found in the git log.
(Gerrit should not allow this, so this should never happen.)

* error indeterminate-code
No recognized source code files were found.

* error invalid-json-found
A `.json` file had improper JSON in it. 

* error invalid-xml-found
A `.xml` file had improper XML in it. 

* error invalid-yaml-found
A `.yaml` or `.yml` file had improper YAML in it. 

* error license-end-not-found-with-license-start
A LICENSE_START was found before a license and copyright block, but no
corresponding LICENSE_END was found to match.

* error license-start-not-found-with-license-end
A LICENSE_END was found after a license and copyright block, but no
corresponding LICENSE_START was found to match.

* error misnamed-license-txt
LICENSE files should be a file named LICENSE.txt and not some other
capitalization or use another file extension.

* error missing-package-json
A package.json file was not found when one was deemed to be required.

* error missing-setup-py
A setup.py file was not found when one was deemed to be required.

* error no-apache-license
An apache license was not found in a LICENSE.txt file.

* error no-artifactid-in-pom-id
The pom.xml file did not have an `<artifactId>` in it.

* error no-nl-ending-on-files
All files should end in a newline.

* error no-pydocstyle-in-path
The tool `pydocstyle` was requested, but could not be found

* error no-pylint-in-path
The tool `pydlint` was requested, but could not be found

* error no-temp-git-log
The file `.temp-git.log` is generated by `onap-gerrit-review`, but could
not be found by `onap-gerrit-review-step2`.

* error no-top-level-license-txt-file
The top-level `LICENSE.txt` file was not found.

* error no-version-in-pom
A `<version>` for the pom.xml file could not be determined.

* error pom-version-already-released
The version in a pom.xml file has already been released and needs to change.

* error pom-version-unexpanded-property
The version of a pom.xml file is specified as a property value, but the property
is not defined anywhere.

* error release-file-issue
A problem was found with the contents of a release file.

* error tabbed-indentation
Our source files are not allowed to have leading tabs in them.

* error text-before-copyright
A Copyright line was found with text before the word `Copyright`, such as `Modified`.

* error version-mismatch-pom-package-json
The version found in the `package.json` file does not match the version
found in the `pom.xml` file.

* error version-mismatch-pom-setup-py
The version found in the `setup.py` file does not match the version
found in the `pom.xml` file.

* error version-mismatch-pom-version-properties
The version found in the `version.properties` file does not match the version
found in the `pom.xml` file.

* error version-not-found-in-changelog
The current version specified in the `pom.xml` file was not found in `Changelog.md`.

* either copyright-mispelled
The word Copyright was capitalized in a non-standard way.

* either copyright-not-found-in-file
No Copyright line was found in a file where it should have been.

* either copyright-year-not-found-in-file
No Copyright line with the current year was found in a file where it should have been.
